my name is mik m I'm a Palestinian
artist and author originally from the
Gaza Strip I am based in London and I'm
working on the biggest painting in uh my
career documenting many elements of the
genocide on the Gaza Strip I grew up as
a refugee uh but Gaza was and has always
been my home uh because it's uh the city
that I know the most and it's the most
beautiful city and it's where making art
makes the most sense we have a really
rich cultural life but it was absolutely
Disturbed uh by the brutality of
bombardments and and the hard reality of
living in a prison so for me art came
with a sense of urgency that I want to
say
something I grew up with this spirit and
I wanted to show it to the world that we
have a big sense of resilience of
resistance of uh loving life and wanting
to make something out of nothing it was
my own way of of recording as a witness
as a as a a teenager as a young adult
witnessing and recording the brutality
of
occupation my work you know started to
become um about life celebration about
Palestinian culture about Olive
harvesting about childhood yes they were
very colorful but they were not too
happy but now I it's not like I woke up
and I decided I'm not going to use color
anymore I simply looked at all the
colors and I only saw black because it's
reality and because uh this time is too
hard it's too brutal my immediate family
they're all in Gaza and um it's so hard
to be in touch with them for the entire
month of October and the entire month of
November I couldn't even hold a brush or
a pencil it was a complete state of
paraly but now I know whether I like it
or not it's my duty
um and it's my responsibility to do and
not only for any audience it's for us
the Palestinian
generation for us to never forget for me
I'm trying to to to make a pose on the
most important elements of this brutal
genocide against my own people and
against my own
history